Believe in yourself and all that you are. 
Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination. 
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. 
Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones. 
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. 
You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it. 
Dream bigger. Do bigger.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. 
Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. 
Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. 
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. 
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, 
but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles. 
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
Don’t watch the clock; 
do what it does. Keep going.
Success is not for the lazy. 
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Don’t limit your challenges. 
Challenge your limits.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. 
If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you. 
Success starts with self-discipline.
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up. 
Don’t be afraid to fail.
Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step of your life. 
Tiptoe if you must, but take the step.
Don’t wait for the perfect moment. 
Take the moment and make it perfect.
Success is not in what you have, 
but who you are.
The future depends on what you do today. 
Make it count.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. 
Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. 
It’s the best part of the day.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. 
Stay focused and never give up.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. 
Keep going.
Don’t stop until you’re proud. 
Your only limit is you.
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. 
Keep believing.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: 
It is the courage to continue that counts.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. 
Start now.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.